Things desired in Webmin core that would make theme development much easier
and faster, and would allow us to achieve cool new things. Numbers are the
guesstimated difficulty out of 10 and time to implement in days.

difficulty/time/need
 difficulty to implement on scale of 1-10
 time in man-hours I guesstimate it will take
 level of need on scale of 1-10 for making the theme work, by my estimate

6/8/8   - fix ui_grid_table; it is currently used in two very distinct ways:
        1. as a table with tabular data (i.e. BIND index 'Existing DNS Zones')
        2. as a holding container for columns of links and such (i.e.
        security-updates in the "States to display" pile of links)
        This makes it impossible to style, so every non-tabular data use of
        ui_grid_table needs a new ui function that represents what it's for.
        Tabular use of it needs to be cleaned up, as well, as it is wrapped
        in several unnecessary tables, making it impossible to style cleanly.

4/3/3   - header function consolidation and simplification.

9/30/9  - Removal of tables from all of Webmin's ui-lib, except when presenting
        tabular data. Convert to much simpler CSS components, striving for 
        semantic meaning when possible.

6/15/10 - Remove piecemeal JavaScript and replace with code in index.js or a
        library file. Use jQuery, and modern JavaScript to reduce size and
	complexity. Current code is error-prone and triggers failures in AJAX
	apps (causing the JavaScript to stop, which prevents events from being
	attached). High level of need, since this causes breakage on many
	pages.

10/60/4 - Convert pages into discrete components, so that tables of data can be
        updated in realtime and/or independently from the rest of the page.
 
8/30/3  - Make it possible to get JSON out of tabular data sources. i.e. a
        MySQL table should be able to be updated in realtime and without
        having to redraw the whole table. Depends on previous item, at least
        for the modules that need this ability.

5/30/5  - ui-lib simplification. I dunno exactly what this means, but my theme
        functions are vastly shorter than the equivalent ui-lib functions, in
        almost every case. It'd be wise to standardize on those and merge them
        down to the core ui-lib, modernizing the codebase, and simplfiying
        future development. It breaks backward compatibility, probably
        and requires Jamie to work with CSS rather than tables on everything 
        in the future.

3/?/10	- ui_link conversion. It's impossible to theme some of Webmin currently,
	as links are hardcoded with relative paths. These relative paths assume
	a new page is loaded for every click. This is not possible in a single
	page app. All "a href" elements need to be replaced with use of the
	ui_link or similar function call so that the path can be corrected.
	There are currently 11,000+ "a href" instances in Webmin...and as far
	as I can tell, this MUST happen before this theme will work.
